Skip to Content
Services
Blog
About
Contact
Startupresources
Contact

FLEXIBLE, LOW-COST 
TALENT SOLUTIONS FOR 
STARTUPS AND 
SCALE-UPS.

At Startup Resources, we get it—scaling your team on a tight budget is tough. That’s why we offer low-cost, flexible hiring support focused on delivering A-players without the typical agency fees. 

We come from internal talent teams at investment banks, energy firms, and SaaS companies, so we know how to make hiring seamless and efficient for founders.

We’re not about big commissions or bloated costs—just finding the best talent to grow your business. With flexible fee plans and a focus on delivering top talent that fits your culture, we’re here to help you scale smartly without breaking the bank. 

Let’s build your dream team!

SERVICES


HR Support
We provide HR and Recruitment support from workforce planning, employee contracts creation to onboarding support so that Founders can attract and retain talent to accelerate their startup

Learn More
talent strategy-startup resources
Recruitment
We source a-players to your startup or scale-up at a low fixed fee, meaning you can grow without huge agency fees

Learn More

FLEXIBLE FEE 
OPTIONS
Startup Resources offers a simple, affordable fee structure ranging from 10-12% of the candidate’s total salary.

You can choose to pay the full amount upfront or split it into 3 payments spread over 6 months, making it easier for your cash flow as you scale your team.

This way, you get top talent without the financial strain!

MEET THE FOUNDER
Startup Resources was founded in 2023 by Louisa Maglieri, a recruiter of over 16 years experience, and who has worked in-house for Societe Generale, Credit Suisse, WPP, S&P Global and more.

She is the ultimate “anti-recruitment agent” as she firmly believes that Startups and Scaleups, should be able to hire a-players, without the recruitment agency fees. 

Louisa’s naturally talented in sourcing candidates from Data Scientists to Paid Media Executive, whilst having extensive experience of the hiring process from recruitment initiation, interviewing to onboarding

CONTACT LOUISA

FOLLOW ON SOCIAL
CONTACT US
If you’re a candidate and like to send us your CV, please send it to info@startupresources.co.uk or if you’d like to hire, please fill out the form below.


Name
(required)
First Name
Last Name
Email
(required)
Message
(required)
Submit
Cookie Policy

Privacy Policy

Contact

louisa@startupresources.co.uk

5 Brayford Square, London, E1 0SG

